data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/apache2/libphp7.so                        php-apache
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/pkg.m4                                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/shtool                                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/config.guess                            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/php.m4                                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/ltmain.sh                               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/phpize.m4                               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/ax_gcc_func_attribute.m4                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/ax_check_compile_flag.m4                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/Makefile.global                         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/libtool.m4                              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/run-tests.php                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/php_cxx_compile_stdcxx.m4               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/build/config.sub                              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/php/opcache.so                                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phar                                          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/php-cgi                                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phpdbg                                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/php-config                                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phar.phar                                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/php                                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/phpize                                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_ini.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_stdint.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_open_temporary_file.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_variables.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_output.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_config.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_main.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/fastcgi.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/rfc1867.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_streams.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/build-defs.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_syslog.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_network.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php.h                            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/SAPI.h                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_reentrancy.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_compat.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/fopen_wrappers.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/snprintf.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_memory_streams.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_ticks.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_scandir.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_getopt.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/spprintf.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_version.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_filter_api.h  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_userspace.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_mmap.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_streams_int.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_plain_wrapper.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_transport.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_context.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/streams/php_stream_glob_wrapper.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/http_status_codes.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_content_types.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/main/php_globals.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/sapi/cli/cli.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/tsrm_win32.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/TSRM/TSRM.h                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini_scanner_defs.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_constants.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_alloc_sizes.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_compile.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_portability.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_strtod_int.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_float.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_modules.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_handlers.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_sort.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_builtin_functions.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_strtod.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_execute.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_type_info.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_iterators.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_hash.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_cpuinfo.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_istdiostream.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_string.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_closures.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini_parser.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_inheritance.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_objects.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_language_parser.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_globals.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ptr_stack.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_opcodes.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_alloc.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_trace_handlers.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_stack.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_types.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_build.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_object_handlers.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_multiply.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_execute.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_stream.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_config.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_range_check.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_list.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ts_hash.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_trace_map.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ast.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_language_scanner.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_interfaces.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_string_public.h       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_arena.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_dtrace.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_generators.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_signal.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_virtual_cwd.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_config.w32.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend.h                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_objects_API.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_long.h                      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_str_public.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_smart_str.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_llist.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_extensions.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_errors.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_gc.h                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_vm_def.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_globals_macros.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_string.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_exceptions.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_bitset.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_variables.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_weakrefs.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_multibyte.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_operators.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_highlight.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini_scanner.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_API.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_ini.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_language_scanner_defs.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/Zend/zend_map_ptr.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/libxml/php_libxml.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter.h  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter_8bit.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_memory_device.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_ident.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/eaw_table.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_defs.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_consts.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_string.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_convert.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter_wchar.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_encoding.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_allocators.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_filter_output.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfl_language.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/mbfl/mbfilter_pass.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/libmbfl/config.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/php_onig_compat.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/php_mbregex.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mbstring/mbstring.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqli/mysqli_mysqlnd.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqli/php_mysqli_structs.h       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/phar/php_phar.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/json/php_json_scanner.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/json/php_json_parser.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/json/php_json.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/xml/php_xml.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/xml/expat_compat.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/gd/gd_compat.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/gd/php_gd.h                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_fopen_wrappers.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/file.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_password.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_filestat.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/html_tables.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/pageinfo.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/md5.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/url_scanner_ex.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/microtime.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_uuencode.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/quot_print.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_net.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/html.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_dns.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_metaphone.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_standard.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_mail.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_random.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_link.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_iptc.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_versioning.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_string.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/crypt_freesec.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/cyr_convert.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_mt_rand.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_image.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_array.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/credits_ext.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_rand.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/credits_sapi.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_http.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_type.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/basic_functions.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_smart_string_public.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/proc_open.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_browscap.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/fsock.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_dir.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/winver.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_var.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/sha1.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_ftok.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_crypt.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/pack.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/crypt_blowfish.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/credits.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_crypt_r.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/head.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/url.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_lcg.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/streamsfuncs.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/info.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/dl.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_math.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/scanf.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/uniqid.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_ext_syslog.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/hrtime.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/base64.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/crc32.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_assert.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/exec.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_smart_string.h       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/css.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/flock_compat.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/datetime.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/standard/php_incomplete_class.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/gmp/php_gmp_int.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/date/lib/timelib.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/date/lib/timelib_config.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/date/php_date.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_sha.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_tiger.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_crc32.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_md.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_adler32.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_whirlpool.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_snefru.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_haval.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_sha3.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_joaat.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_fnv.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_gost.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/hash/php_hash_ripemd.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/sockets/php_sockets.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_result_meta.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_commands.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_wireprotocol.h    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_vio.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_debug.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/php_mysqlnd.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_ps.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_alloc.h           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_portability.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_plugin.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_reverse_api.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysql_float_to_double.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_ext_plugin.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_read_buffer.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_auth.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_connection.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_structs.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_protocol_frame_codec.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/config-win.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_statistics.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_block_alloc.h     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_libmysql_compat.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_charset.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_enum_n_def.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_result.h          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/mysqlnd/mysqlnd_priv.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv_aliased_libiconv.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_ibm_iconv.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_iconv.h            php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_libiconv.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv_supports_errno.h  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv.h                 php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_php_iconv_h_path.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_php_iconv_impl.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_iconv_broken_ignore.h   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_glibc_iconv.h      php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/iconv/php_have_bsd_iconv.h        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_engine.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_iterators.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_functions.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_fixedarray.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_dllist.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_array.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_observer.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_exceptions.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/php_spl.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_directory.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/spl/spl_heap.h                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/dom/xml_common.h                  php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pdo/php_pdo_error.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pdo/php_pdo.h                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pdo/php_pdo_driver.h              php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/simplexml/php_simplexml.h         php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/simplexml/php_simplexml_exports.h php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/filter/php_filter.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/session/mod_files.h               php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/session/php_session.h             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/session/mod_user.h                php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/php/ext/pcre/php_pcre.h                   php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/php/LICENSE                             php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/php.1.gz                           php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phpdbg.1.gz                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/php-cgi.1.gz                       php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phar.1.gz                          php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/php-config.1.gz                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phpize.1.gz                        php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/phar.phar.1.gz                     php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/php-fpm.d/www.conf.default                    php
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/php-fpm.conf.default                          php
